Storing the token is great but we need it here in places when we try to send requests to add a place
or to get a place and so on
and the question also is how do we pass the token to these firebase database requests?
The latter is something we can find out, if you search for firebase database auth rest,
there you find the article on how to authenticate
rest requests
and that is what we're doing,
we're sending requests to some restful endpoints to get access to our database, our firebase database.
And there you see that you can authenticate with firebase ID tokens by appending a query parameter which
is auth
and then this ID token which we just stored.
So we need to append this query parameter to our requests,
that of course means that we also need to get access to the token here.
We can get access to this state by turning our redux thunk functions here into a function which just
receives dispatch like here for example of deleting a place into a function that receives dispatch as
the first argument and a get state function as the second. Now
you can name these arguments what you want but that is what they are,
the first is a function that allows you to dispatch actions,
the second is a function that allows you to get access to the state.
The alternative to this pattern would be to simply get this access to the state in the place where you
dispatch these actions, so where you dispatch delete state and so on.
Now with that, what you could do is you could get the token by accessing get state, executing this and
then there you could access the auth slice
we just added and there, this token property and you should check if it's null or if you've got a valid
one and then you could append it to your requests.
So let me prove this to you,
maybe not here for deleting a place, I'll revert it here but where we get the places, here.
Let's update this
accordingly, add the get state argument, get the token here,
auth token and as I said, we should check if it's null or not,
so if token if this is not true-ish, then we might simply return, of course we should maybe also throw
some error but we also should never really reach that point here because we only get to the part where
we can dispatch all these places right at actions if we made it through the auth screen
but anyways. If you got a token here and fix this here by the way, I'll add auth equals token here.
Now with that if we save this file and we reload the app, let's login with valid credentials again
and now you see we don't get an error and I can indeed load my places here because now the token was
indeed successfully attached and that authenticated us to the backend.
Still, this is not the approach I want to use here,
so let me in the next lecture show you a very reusable way of getting access to the token which will
also be of great advantage later.
For now I will remove this part here, not append the token like this, not get it from the state like this and
get rid of this.
So let me show you how else it could work.